Add new trigger docs (#40)
terramate-io/terramate-docs: cli/reference/cmdline/experimental/experimental-trigger.md

## Usage

```sh
terramate experimental trigger [options] <stack-path>
```

## Examples

> ### Create a change trigger for a stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger a stack as changed
```

```bash
terramate experimental trigger /path/to/stack
```

> ### Create triggers for all stacks that have drifted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger all drifted stacks as changed
```

```bash
terramate experimental trigger --status=drifted
```

> ### Create ignore triggers recursively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Trigger stacks recursively to ignore them.
```

```bash
terramate experimental trigger some/path --recursive --ignore-change
```

## Ignore Trigger

> Sometimes, when you introduce changes to one or multiple stacks that are of a cosmetic nature but don't affect the
> managed resources, instead of marking all stacks as changed you can create an ignore trigger with the `--ignore-change`
> flag. Ignore trigger will configure the change detection to ignore stacks in the next Pull Request and deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you make cosmetic changes to one or more stacks that don't affect the managed resources, you can use the `--ignore-change` flag to trigger those stacks to remain unchanged.
This flag configures the change detection to ignore these stacks in the next Pull Request and deployment.
```

```bash
terramate experimental trigger /path/to/stack --ignore-change
```

## Options

> - `--status <status>`: Creates a trigger for all stacks filtered by status on Terramate Cloud.
> - `--recursive`: Creates triggers for all nested stacks recursively starting from the targeted stack.
> - `--change` (*default*): Creates a trigger that configures the change detection to mark the stack as changed.
> - `--ignore-change`: Creates an ignore trigger to configure the change detection to ignore a stack in the next run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--status <status>`: Trigger all stacks filtered by status on Terramate Cloud.
- `--recursive`: recursively triggers all nested stacks starting from the targeted stack.
- `--change` (*default*): Trigger a stack to configure change detection, marking it as changed.
- `--ignore-change`: Trigger a stack to configure change detection, marking it unchanged in the next run.
```
